For internal reference only:
12/07/2021 local date
Author: Chief Kiefer[v3.4] Tactical-Glowie Liaison ‘Crab’

The following publication is neither an employee manual nor a briefing. It is not to be included in new employee training regimes, nor is it to be considered an official reference guide. If anything, this is a Chaplains’ Aide or as best to it as this company can manage. The primary function of this document is to maintain cognitive clarity in employees who lose their ‘direction’ whilst chaining operations, particularly as fragmented memory backups on rapidly regenerated Operators transfer from short to long term processing and risk permanent harm to the individual psyche and its basis in reality.

Section 1: Mental Wellness and You, an Operators’ Qualms with Respawn

Extraordinary harm to Operator mental fitness and subsequently to work performance and team cohesion is to be expected after both continuous and rapid re-deployment particularly in missions where Operators experience and recall excessive physical trauma. Such harm can result in a variety of mood and personality disorders with common symptoms including:
        Dissociation
        Irritability
        Negative thoughts
        Impulsive behavior
        Anti-social behavior
        Loss/Fragmentation/Fabrication of Memory
        Loss of Taste
        Loss of Color Vision
        Fluctlight Generalized Reduction
        Fluctlight Contamination

Recall that in recruitment, sociability in-spectrum is given primacy over physical fitness and that your coworkers, your teammates are here for you. If you need something, say something.
Recall that as part of your post-onboarding annual bonus, the memory blank made of you pre-training is available for a ‘factory reset’ as it were should you elect to retire from service in our corps. This is part of your pay, you’ve earned it. You may at any time become the man you used to be, if you’d rather.

        But who even am I? Who was I? How could I ever make that decision and how is it any different from death?


Consider the paradox of the ARGOS, a greek ship crewed by men called Argonauts. As she sails the seas for many years, storms batter her hull, tear her sails, salt her ropes and age her men. Parts are replaced, sailors retire, sailors sign on. The ARGOS persists through time possibly for centuries as an institution. If we gathered all the old parts torn off and left them on a beach where the retired sailors lived we could build a second ARGOS from her original parts, which would be the true one? The rotten heap of garbage assembled by skeletons and the elderly, or the sea worthy vessel?
        Your body is but wood, replaceable. Your thoughts are but men, replaceable. The ARGOS endures forever as an institution of interchangeable components coming and going, always rotating just as continents shift and hair is shaven. Operators age, our parts come and go. The stress of our job makes this process seem unnaturally rapid, but we are still human. Our ability to endure as institutions and individuals has been augmented by tools, yes, but we are still human. Imagine the shock of the first apes to wear the pelt of another animal, what mystery to wear the very coat of another! So we have transcended mortality.
                Get over it. You’re not a god, a demon, or some ghost in a skull. You’re a human with an interesting set of tools.

You are an Operator.

Doesn’t the concept of (memory backup / rapid regen / clone seeding) fundamentally change the definition of self through the continuity of experience which makes the ARGOS maintain identity?

        Memories are the software of your brains’ hardware. Rotating new ones in and out does not change you into a new person anymore so than installing Lego Rock Raiders makes your PC a brand new computer. They are each sailors. The concept of self is actually a cognitive capacity in animals independent of memory. Your confusion is more likely due to a temporary chemical / emotional imbalance than it is the result of a grand philosophic paradox. Furthermore: Fluctlight (the unique pattern of electric thought patterning inside you) contains shadow, rhythm, and plasticity which changes at the speed of light. To implant new fluctlight details during redeployment such as a new memory which your physical mapped brain had never experienced or self-generated without causing a fatal fluctlight misalignment would require enough calculating power to accurately map the whole of your brain down to the quantum and model it’s future behavior with 100% fidelity for over 45 seconds. This is currently beyond our technical capacity.
        Any artifacts of memory are authentically the creations of the Operators personal ‘continuous’ experience. The sum of fragmentation Operators experience is not substantially higher than that of non-operator employees or civilians. Everyones’ continuous consciousness is broken every night when they go to sleep, and if they were murdered and replaced with a clone every night they’d never know.


That doesn’t make me feel better. I distinctly remember being shot in the head with a 20mm cannon (or such). 

        Our helmets do capture instantaneous fluctlight backups every few minutes, sometimes the combination of this backup and shadow/plasticity effects causes us to have a deja vu like effect, a precognition, a premonition of events which happened shortly after the backup was created. These ‘memories’ are actually dreams. They’re fabrications created by the subconscious based off of context clues to explain the gap in active-working memory between creation of the backup and the resumption of consciousness on respawn. These memories are delusions not based on fact. For example: I distinctly remembered being blown into tiny chunks by the 125mm main cannon of a T-90, de-briefing review of helmet cam footage informed me that I actually ducked the shot only to be crushed by the collapse of the water tower behind me. My subconscious created a delusion I recall as real as anything else with a ‘most likely explanation for the thing I don’t remember’.

That also doesn’t make me feel better.

        Operators do not experience statistically significant increases in the concentration of delusional / fabricated memory when compared to any other humans. Experimentally people are convinced of many things that aren’t true which they reasonably should remember, ranging from what they ate for breakfast, who their parents are, how many murders they’ve ever committed, to when their favorite pet died. When people do not know, they make it up. You’re making up dying. Just because some other iteration of you actually did die is irrelevant.

I think I get it.
        
        Have a glass of water and visit the hydroponics center. Participation in agrarian activities and proximity to plants are emotionally stabilizing for humans, and non-operator employees there can issue work credit substitutes to P.T.E time. 10k run or pollinating cabbage, your call buddy. Personally I like rotating the compost pile and tending the worm bins, it's a good core workout and they wiggle.

Section 2: Mental Wellness and Teammates, Operators who don’t get Section 1

Recall that in recruitment, sociability in-spectrum is given primacy over physical fitness and that your coworkers, your teammates are here for you. Be there for them. Does a member of your fireteam seem despondent? Are they abandoning their post, particularly during sentry duties? Has there been a change in their diet, hydration, sleep, or narcotic use? These may be signs of mental harm and warning light of further degradation in mission readiness. Section 1 of this document is not suitable for all Operators. Some Operators cannot understand the core concept of the Fluctlight, so conversations about the interplay between fluctlight technology, its limitations, and baseline human psychology will not be productive.
Thankfully, most of these Operators came pre-hire pre-installed with a sociological tool perfect for the task: religion.
Simply identify the Operators’ pre-installed religious beliefs, and affirm them with the necessary accommodations to rectify cognitive dissonance between these deeply held personal delusions and the physical reality of their employment and experience. We recommend continuing the willful misunderstanding that the fluctlight is the soul, and that our technology is in part magic or even necromantic should that aid in stabilizing the Operators’ emotional well being. Operators who sincerely believe in the Arcane or Divine are often some of the best performers, and are critical to team integrity.

Do you really mean that faith makes my teammates dumb, and I should just lie to them?

        Yes, but don’t get an inflated ego about it. There is no statistically significant difference in the proportion of delusional / fabricated memory between operators of any faith position and the general human populace. Just as they wrongly believe that Jesus is real and loves them, you wrongly believe that your mother is real and loves you.

I’m quite certain my mother is real at least.

        Recall from your somatic stabilization training that the most certain way to identify your presence in a dream, or dimension of ultra-low cuil density is to attempt to recall how you arrived there and what you were doing before. Entrance to dreams and ultra-low cuil realities causes instant short term memory dumping. Perform this check now on the story of your birth.
                Nothing? Weird, it’s almost as if being born drops us from a higher plane into this world of hellish non-reality causing an instant memory dump. At some level your coworker is right.

Heaven is real?!

        In a fashion. We’re not sure yet but the glowies are working on it.

I found this section offensive.

        ‘Take it up with HR’ only works in companies with an HR department.

Section 3: Why we Fight

Why the Centurion Security Corps engages in transdimensional war is often something of a mystery to many of its’ Operators. Recall, you are being paid a functionally infinite sum of money. All the wealth of the worlds is yours for the pillaging. Your personal motivations for employment are not the same as the companies motivations for employing you. Does Samantha cashier at Target because she wants to sell roblox gift cards to exhausted single mothers? Does Target employ Samantha because it wants to watch her wither away and die?
No, Samatha wants money as a placeholder for purchasing pleasant experiences so she does what she can to get it, and Target is a faceless corporation with no motivations other than teeming multitude of individuals within it exactly like Samantha.

So I’m really just here for the money?

        Yes, and if that’s too abstract for you, the cocaine. Lots and lots of really good cocaine.

But why kill people when we don’t really need to?

        1. Because you are an Operator and that is your job. You volunteered for the war waging side of this company because you wanted too. Why you wanted too is your own personal reason.
        Recall that you personally have never been ordered to kill another human. You have been ordered to fire your weapon, and to as part of a team eliminate targets. The lives you’ve taken you took by choice. That is your sin to bear.
2. We do in-fact need to to maintain our home reality from foreign invaders. There are things out there worse than us, and they, like you, kill just because they find it fun. You sick fuck.

But what is ‘The Mission’? I don’t get it, who founded the CSC and why?
        To get money. We cannot be the wealthiest most powerful organization ever known if we get toppled so sometimes we save the world from annihilation purely in self defense. It’s a hivemind of dumb apes all the way up and all the way down. Money and Bitches Operator, no grand schemes even over in the Glowies. They’d have filtered that out during recruitment.

Section 4: Who we Fight

        
Section 5: How we Fight


Combat Operations on a tactical level make good sense, on a strategic level, memory fragmentation and poor self-anchoring techniques cause newer operators to often lose focus on what they’re doing, how they got there, and eventually who they are. Recall:
        Nuclear Generated Takyon Vaccum vehicles allow us to transpose sections of space between our home reality, and adjacent alternate realities in a ‘hop’ taking a fixed volume of supplies to and from a target destination. These vehicles are marked with a red diamond for field identification. These vehicles also contain massively expensive, sensitive, and field irreparable equipment necessary to perform these ‘hops’ as well as the nuclear fuel needed to generate the immense energy required. They are often not present in a field of combat operations at the FOB due to their fragility. Should the NGTV-v be destroyed, you would be lost in the alternate reality forever.
        Focused Unreality Dual-Harmonic Radio Viewing allows us to sense the most probable physical reality of adjacent alternate realities in relativistically current real time. This may seem from our perspective to be viewing the past, or future depending on the relative rate of time flow between realities, which can be measured by difference in viewer perception of time while simultaneously experiencing both. Due to the extreme and often fatal doses of 5g radiation, Operators are not permitted to practice this critical task. This is where Glowies use up the majority of our fluctlight data storage and clone vat capacity,  as well as where they get their name. The reagent crystals, intense radiation, and specialized headgear cause remote viewers to glow and become partially transparent before their death. On respawn, they can relay fluctlight memory of their reconnasciance. [authors note: this process looks a hell of a lot like magic. There are psychoactive drugs, lasers, crystals, glowing people, ghosts, hallucinations, and then the dude dies and talks about astral projecting. If this isn’t magic I don’t know what the hell would be.]
        The Vat is a complex system of advanced medicine available almost exclusively to us, the wealthiest organization ever known which has recruited the greatest mad genius doctors from multiple worlds to staff it. Genetic material of employees is decoded into stem cells, rapidly reproduced in a gel like nutrient solution, and hormonally manipulated to produce a functioning adult body, or portions thereof in a matter of hours to which a fluctlight can be installed. Due to limitations in digital storage media, fluctlight copies are rather low fidelity and do require the specific structure of the progenitors brain structure as dictated by their DNA to function on the new brain. Due to democratically agreed upon sociological concerns, and the psychological reality of self-love/self-hatred/self-harm tendencies the creation of multiple conscious clones of the same person has been forbidden. This restriction is waived only for Reznovs, kept in isolation in preparation for remote viewing exercises. Reznovs not in isolation must be permanently dosed with Ketamine to reduce chance of self-brawling.